IMPORTANCE AND RELEVANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
    The subject of nonlinear analysis is of interest in its own right, and it also serves to lay the foundations for different fields of pure and applied mathematics. Researchers across the world are actively involved in analysing and developing different theories of mathematics which are applicable to real-world problems. Through this conference, the recent progress and advances in the different fields of mathematical analysis will be shared. We try to bring fruitful research directions and collaborations in this field.

AIM AND OBJECTIVE OF THE CONFERENCE
    To exchange and disseminate the recent developments and advances in the area of Mathematical Analysis and Applications.
    To encourage the young researchers to study and pursue the research in recent topics of Mathematical Analysis
    To share the recent progress and advances in the area of Mathematical Analysis, Applications, and related fields.
    To bring fruitful directions and collaborations in this field.
    To provide a platform for researchers to present their findings and to give them an opportunity to interact with the experts working in the field.

About the  School of Advanced Sciences and Languages (SASL)

    The School of Advanced Sciences and Languages (SASL) in VIT Bhopal is principally concerned with blending the best knowledge of science and humanities with Engineering to align the expertise of our students with the ever changing technological requirements. The school offers numerous core and elective courses, developed in collaboration with international academia and industrial experts, in Mathematics, Chemistry, Physics, English and Humanities. The school imparts knowledge by employing student centered teaching approaches via state-of-the-art studio classrooms equipped with wave 2.0 technology. The school is also involved in the research where researchers and scholars in partnerships with government, industry and nonprofit organizations, develop cutting-edge technology and innovations to serve our society. The research carried out by our faculty members, with diverse research profiles and with industrial and international working experience, ranges from basic areas such as Drug Design, Microbiology, Molecular Modeling, Energy & the Environment, Materials, Catalysis, Nonlinear Dynamics, Differential Equations, Numerical Methods, Graph Theory, Space Science, Astrophysics, Solar Physics and Computational Linguistics to interdisciplinary areas such as Biotechnology, Nano-Electronics, Computational Biology, Machine Learning in Biology & Chemistry, Sociolinguistics, Teaching Pedagogy etc. The school imparts knowledge of natural sciences and languages to the B. Tech, Int. M.Tech, M. Tech, MCA and PhD students by employing student centered teaching approaches via CALTech (Collaborative and Active Learning through Technology), including hands-on experience in the state-of-the-art laboratories & studios.

About the University

    VIT Bhopal University, envisioned with a new global outlook will empower its aspirants to attain excellence through learning. The comprehensive teaching methodology designed by the University, redeﬁnes the approach to learning, educating and building knowledge-based societies in the country. Collaboration with reputed national and international organisations and strategic partnerships with universities around the world are being established, to prepare a globally competent generation of professionals.

